Differences to zigbee-steward
-----------------------------

- Simplified code. Places with log-and-return-nothing changed to return error and the eventual caller
  logs or handles error.
- Re-implemented many places without reflection.
- Refactored constructions where struct is initialized and modified soon after, to set everything at once
- Re-wrote the ZCL library to use autogenerated ZCL structure definitions from `Koenkk/zigbee-herdsman`
- Collapsed multiple repos (UNP, ZNP, ZCL, zigbee-steward) -> ezstack. It is a rare use case that one
  would use these separately, and this case is still supported - you can just reference the package.
  This is simpler to manage and to understand.
- Changed OO-like constructions to functional where func doesn't use (or uses little) state of "this"
- Reduced package/file count where extracting into files/packages don't carry their own weight
- Added comments to where I didn't understand something
- Reduced unnecessary complexity from many places. Extreme example: these do the exact same thing:
	* [zigbee-steward](https://github.com/dyrkin/zigbee-steward/blob/a1dc32edfb8560969ea4aedb6f85d05d8279cd7a/coordinator/coordinator.go#L219)
	* ezstack: TODO: link
	* zigbee-steward also has a race condition (albeit theoretical due to expected network latency) where
	  response yielded by `call()` can be sent to non-buffered `receiver` channel so the broadcast mechanism
	  [drops the message](https://github.com/tv42/topic/blob/aa72cbe81b4823f349da47a4d749cdda61677c09/topic.go#L48)
	  if no-one is `recv()`'ing.
- Fixed multiple race conditions ([one](https://github.com/dyrkin/znp-go/issues/2))
- Fixed serious issue where [ZNP accidentally drops received frames](https://github.com/dyrkin/znp-go/issues/1)
- Most of the launched goroutines didn't have clear semantics for when they are stopped. Those were
  replaced with Go-idiomatic `context.Context` and we usually track if goroutine stops unexpectedly
  and if that's fatal for the whole, we stop the component tree.
- Binary struct decoder didn't have error return, i.e. it "always succeeds", although that couldn't
  be futher from the truth for untrusted data coming in from the network.
- Added support for setting ext pan ID
- Added safety for not changing CC2531-NVRAM-persisted network settings unless explicitly asked to so
- See also the issues I filed:
  * [znp-go](https://github.com/dyrkin/znp-go/issues/created_by/joonas-fi)
  * [zigbee-steward](https://github.com/dyrkin/zigbee-steward/issues/created_by/joonas-fi)

The above list can sound like complaints, but nothing's perfect and I'm really thankful for dyrkin's
absolutely massive amount of work (he even had to build a binary serialization library for Zigbee
structures), and this fork wouldn't absolutely have been possible unless I had something that
already worked to build on!! tl;dr: dyrkin's work has been absolutely instrumental.
